[Applause]
babe yeah that's what you have to do you
got yeah you look good you look sharp
thank you you know how are you
everything looks good I feel like it's
the best day of my life to be quiet do
you really yeah I've envisioned this
moment for quite some time you know we
know you was a little Dicky but now
you're Dave bird which is your real name
and yes it's difficult for us I think
it's better to just when people greet me
to see Dave is just a aggressive way to
speak to somebody it is and at certain
points did you regret taking on that
name and maybe you just want it oh I
feel like it's so bad and good at the
same it's almost like my cross to bear
like that name and I see yeah I see it's
your penance for yeah succeeding yeah
your story is really amazing that you'd
made when you saved up like all your Bar
Mitzvah money and yeah I made a video
yeah so my parents wouldn't let me touch
my bar mitzvah money until adulthood
which in retrospect was a great call on
their end yeah you know I always wanted
to be a comedian I thought about ways
that I could get noticed for my sense of
humor and I I could always kind of rap
and I so I had you know X amount of you
know the six thousand dollars saved in
my bank account from my bar mitzvah
uh-huh and I decided to spend it on
music videos uh-huh and it was a great
career decision it was but I would
imagine that your parents did they agree
it was a great career decision no no
yeah creig's are here actually
are they are here oh yeah oh right there
yeah there they are right there do you
remember the moment you told your
parents hey you know that $6,000 I got
I'm gonna spend it making rap videos not
because it wasn't exactly a mom it was
more like I spoke to them like over the
course of leaks to kind of ease them
into the I say yeah but yeah I think was
a little jarring for them I said what am
I gonna do buy a couch when I'm 28 years
old would like that sink it's really a
good argument yeah
so you said you wanted to do this and
then did they like what you were doing
well I think you know they're not like
avid rap fan
uh-huh I think it was a little you know
I think it was it was definitely like a
total left turn like I worked at an ad
agency they didn't see it it's really
blind sighs so you had a regular job
yeah that time yeah and and you were
making these funny and somewhat profane
videos yeah and somebody would post it
on reddit about it and the next day it
was like a million views yeah like so
it's kind of an amazing story the first
time I ever put anything I've been
working like for two years on music
behind the scenes not showing anybody
just to keep hope at a maximum level
mm-hmm because I thought what can
someone do besides just you know make my
hope lower right was crazy they're like
I haven't seen Dave in like months like
he wants to be a rapper that's a bizarre
thing and then finally I was at the
point in time where I was gonna post my
first video and I woke up in the morning
I brushed my teeth and I remember
actually like looking in the mirror and
crying tears of joy because I was so
relieved that I had put my best foot
forward and I knew that like I had no
idea what was gonna happen I didn't know
if was gonna be successful or not but I
knew that I had given it my all and I
thought I could live with failure but I
couldn't live with what if I'd really
checked that box for myself on a
personal level that's a great way to
look at it got like a million views in
the first 24 hours what a relief that's
crazy
yeah I bet it's unheard of that you know
I said today was the best day of my life
that that is that was the best thing
yeah yeah yeah now this is a photograph
that I was curious about how old are you
in this shot I thought first of all I
was a better man back then I feel yeah I
don't think you were even a man so yeah
look at the socks the socks are
different brands the socks are different
bands that looks like you were on Korona
before the virus and that wasn't even my
shirt I went around it that's my
overnight camp 112 the R&B group came to
my overnight camp
why I don't know why to perform
and I and they stayed in the cabin with
you what I was fortunate enough that I
had a deal with them so basically I
opened up for them when they came okay
it was a big fit he was like I think I
was his favorite camper if I'm being
good charisma even back then as you saw
from that photograph when they needed
someone to go up there and fill a few
minutes and I did a routine right and
that's what got you hooked that was the
first moment that I like hit a stage and
I and I went well and I think I think in
that I always kind of for no real reason
felt truly destined for stardom that was
the first moment where I was validated
and now you have a show that is this
show autobiographical is this based on
your real life semi autobiographical
yeah like I'm very fort like you're not
making I mean a comedy TV show it's out
tonight I hope you guys watch it's
called Dave you know they say they say
write what you know mm-hmm and I'm very
fortunate that my actual real life is so
entertainment I'm like a rapper at the
same time like it's actually not nearly
as glamorous as you think like half the
time when I go to the studio I can't
even report as my nose is too stuffed
[Laughter]
you and one of the producers of your
show is Kevin Hart how did that happen
that's another incredible story that I
happen to be was he at camp laughs you
know no I was on I was in Las Vegas
performing you know how they have like
those pool parties in Vegas yeah I was
the rapper on stage uh-huh yeah and I
was just performing and all of a sudden
I heard a like a roar from the crowd and
I thought it was because I was being
impressive uh-huh
but it was actually because Kevin Hart
had come on stage and he like and I had
never met idolized Kevin Hart I'm from
Philadelphia I loved him even
no they love Kevin Hart see again you're
confused no Kevin's behind you actually
is what I'm rapping I'm on Sage all of a
sudden I hear this roar I see Kevin Hart
and it's like my but I'm in the middle
of a song I can't even be like hey I
finished a verse and then I stayed on
stage and it was it he was there for his
bachelor party very cool incidentally
and then I talked to him afterwards and
we hit it off and stayed in touch and
when I decided to make a TV show I
really wanted to have producers who can
really add value and like help me he's
got a whole team that could heartbeat
productions and they're sending me
scripts and helping me hire directors
and well congratulations your parents
must be so relieved I would imagine huh
yeah yeah they are they're very proud of
my parents ring tongs oh really
what do you mean by that like it's very
you know when I'm Wiimote when I'm
walking around with my mom's phone rings
it's one of my song what song is mom
have on the phone right now it's earth
good you're saving the climate yes one
ringtone at a time one ringtone a time
well congratulations on everything on
the show it's called Dave it airs
Wednesdays ten o'clock on FXX
Dave Bird everybody I am Jimmy Kimmel
and I am NOT allowed to eat this cookie
until you click the subscribe button so
please click now I'm hungry